(2) the alleged violation will be adjudicated pursuant to the procedures of a Show

Cause Hearing.

ORDERED that the Respondent is placed on PROBATION®™, for a minimum
period of TWO (2) YEARS. During the probationary period the Respondent shall
comply with the following probationary terms and conditions:

(1) The Respondent shall enroll in the Maryland Professional Rehabilitation
Program (MPRP) as follows:

(a) Within 5 business days, the Respondent shall contact MPRP to schedule an
initial consultation for enrollment;

(b) Within 15 business days, the Respondent shall enter into a Participant
Rehabilitation Agreement and Participant Rehabilitation Plan with MPRP;

(c} the Respondent shall fully and timely cooperate and comply with all MPRP’s
referrals, rules, and requirements, including, but not limited to, the terms and
conditions of the Participant Rehabilitation Agreement(s) and Participant
Rehabilitation Plan(s) entered with MPRP, and shall fully participate and

comply with all therapy, treatment, evaluations, and screenings as directed by
MPRP;

(d) the Respondent shall sign and update the written release/consent forms
Requested by the Board and MPRP, including release/consent forms to authorize
MPRP to make verbal and written disclosures to the Board and to authorize the
Board to disclose relevant information from MPRP records and files in a public
order. The Respondent shall not withdraw his/her release/consent;

(e) the Respondent shall also sign any written release/consent forms to authorize
MPRP to exchange with (i.e., disclose to and receive fron) outside entities
(including all of the Respondent’s current therapists and treatment providers)
verbal and written information concerning the Respondent and to ensure that
MPRP is authorized to receive the medical records of the Respondent, including,
but not limited to, mental health and drug or alcohol evaluation and treatment
records. The Respondent shall not withdraw his release/consent;

(f) the Respondent’s failure to comply with any of the above terms or conditions
including terms or conditions of the Participant Rehabilitation Agreement(s) or
Participant Rehabilitation Plan(s) constitutes a violation of this Consent Order;

'3 If the Respondent’s license expires during the period of probation, the probation and any
conditions will be tolled.

18
