ORDERED that upon termination of the suspension, the Respondent shall be

placed on PROBATION for a minimum period of TWO (2) YEARS.‘ During probation,

the Respondent shal! comply with the following terms and conditions of probation:

1. The Respondent shall enroll in the Maryland Professional Rehabilitation

Program (“MPRP”) as follows:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

Within 5 business days of the effective date of this Consent Order, the
Respondent shall contact MPRP to schedule an initial consultation for
enrollment;

Within 15 business days of the effective date of this Consent Order, the
Respondent shall enter into a Participant Rehabilitation Agreement and
Participant Rehabilitation Plan with MPRP;

The Respondent shall fully and timely cooperate and comply with all
MPRP’s referrals, rules, and requirements, including, but not limited to,
the terms and conditions of the Participant Rehabilitation Agreement(s)
and Participant Rehabilitation Plan(s) entered with MPRP, and shall fully
participate and comply with all therapy, treatment, evaluations, and
screenings as directed by MPRP;

The Respondent shall sign and update the written release/consent forms
requested by the Board and MPRP, including release/consent forms to
authorize MPRP to make verbal and written disclosures to the Board and
to authorize the Board to disclose relevant information from MPRP
records and files in a public order. The Respondent shall not withdraw
his release/consent;

The Respondent shall also sign any written release/consent forms to
authorize MPRP to exchange with (i.e., disclose to and receive from)
outside entities (including all of the Respondent’s current therapists and
treatment providers) verbal and written information, concerning the
Respondent and to ensure that MPRP is authorized to receive the medical
records of the Respondent, including, but not limited to, mental health
and drug or alcohol evaluation and treatment records. The Respondent
shall not withdraw his release/consent;

The Respondent’s failure to comply with any of the above terms or
conditions including terms or conditions of the Participant Rehabilitation

 

“If the Respondent's license expires during the period of probation, the probation and any conditions will

be tolled.

22
